I think a lot of it has to do with the media or young boys my age and younger are really
obsessed with what they look like and to be honest I'm one of them.
I've known people that are obsessed with their body whether it's male or female in terms of
dieting or working out more. They look at magazines and they want that body.
When they see the way that these people are betrayed and they see this information from the media
they begin to feel even worse about themselves than they may already feel. We get so focused on
our imperfections sometimes that it's hard to see past those and see the things that are beautiful about us.
When someone looks at a treasure chest they don't say oh the treasure chest is dirty and old in the
outside they want to know what's inside of it. That's what counts.
Really all are beautiful and we all have beautiful things about us whether it's internally or
externally sometimes we just need help seeing those things.